[Music]
hey this bill able with Washburn guitars
I'm here with world music supply and we
are in our headquarters here in
Mundelein Illinois looking at some
guitars this guitar is an N for this is
made right here about a hundred feet
from me in our factory here in Mundelein
which is suburb of Chicago this is the
original and four replicas so this is a
an exact copy of Nuno's original and
four that was made by Washburn back in
the early 1990s almost twenty years ago
and it's still new Noah's choice for
guitar he still uses it as his main
guitar for all the touring and all the
studio work that he's currently doing
some of the features on this thing is
it's got a lot of features by the way
the first thing you'll notice is the
cutaway this is the Stevens extended
cutaway which is exclusive to Washburn
it's a 5 bolt system so it's got a lot
more strength to it than a regular bolt
on system it's also got the shark fin
here so it gives you really really good
access to the to the upper registers
here it's very very comfortable you can
go all the way up and down the neck it's
got its nice thin neck it's the original
shape that that Nuno wanted and went for
with his guitar it's even got the bolts
going through the back of the neck
holding on the the Floyd Rose nut it's
an original Floyd Rose tremolo this
guitar has been antiqued it's got all
the same aspects of Nuno's original
guitar it's got a Timor Duncan 59 in the
neck it's got a Bill Lawrence XL 500 in
the bridge just one volume knob no tone
now this is the way Noon I used to have
it it was easier to turn on and off and
roll that volume
they still got it that way today 3-way
selector switch it's got the same strap
locks on it that Nuno has it has no back
plate just like Nuno he always takes his
off it's got the Grover 18 to 1 tuners
it also has the buzz feeding system
which wasn't original but but Nuno uses
that now and all his guitars so this is
pretty cool guitar let's take a listen
to 1,000
[Music]
again this is the new no and for
Washburn n for vintage guitar available
on world music supply.com along with
many many other Washburn guitars